Implement zoneinfo support and make pytz optional (#940)
python-babel/babel: docs/dates.rst

application. Babel includes a ``tzinfo`` implementation for UTC (Universal
Time).

> Babel uses either `zoneinfo`_ or `pytz`_ for real timezone support which
> include the definitions of practically all of the time-zones used on the world,
> as well as important functions for reliably converting from UTC to local time,
> and vice versa.  The module is generally wrapped for you so you can directly
> interface with it from within Babel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Babel uses either `zoneinfo`_ or `pytz`_ for timezone support. If pytz is installed,
it is preferred over the standard library's zoneinfo.

You can directly interface with either of these modules from within Babel:
```
